Mother double, don't toast, don't eat and be fined
I'll have that kid killed now
No, Tongtong is still in their hands
I can't let go
How about it? Have you considered it?
My patience
But limited
What are you doing?
Ye Han
Why don't I talk to Miss Mu about something?
You have to take care of it
I don't want to care
But in a few days
The game at Gold Label Casino is about to begin
If there is a delay at this time
You go and tell Lord K about you.
You wait for me.
Baby, I'm waiting for you to contact me.
Why are you in Lord K's room?
I'm looking for it.
I have something to do with Lord K
Ye Han
Why did you cooperate with Dong Ying?
Why partner with Mullin?
Didn't I say it all?
For money
I don't believe you're not that kind of person at all
I can see that you have a secret in your heart
Did you reach an agreement with him?
Is he in danger?
I was not coerced.
It's all voluntary
Get out of here
otherwise
I won't help you anymore.